---
title: "2.3 Configure Git repository"
category: subchapter
booktype: gitlab
weight: 13
---

###2.3 Configure Git repository

Find a directory on the server with GitLab where Git repositories are stored. Usually this directory is

    /var/opt/gitlab/git-data/repositories/username

where **username** is name of the user in GitLab.

Usually this directory has **git:git** permissions. So it's better to change current user to **git**:

    $ sudo su git
    $ id
    uid=999(git) gid=999(git) groups=999(git)

Enter that directory (in this example we assume the current user is **root**):

    $ cd /var/opt/gitlab/git-data/repositories/root
    $ pwd
    /var/opt/gitlab/git-data/repositories/root
    $ ls
    kafka.git  kafka.wiki.git

Configure

    $ subgit configure https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/kafka kafka.git
    ...
    Git repository is served by GitLab, hooks will be installed into 'custom_hooks' directory.

    CONFIGURATION SUCCESSFUL
    ...

Make sure you see the line

    Git repository is served by GitLab, hooks will be installed into 'custom_hooks' directory.

This means that SubGit has detected GitLab presence and generated

    [hooks]
            directory = custom_hooks

option in `subgit/config` file of the Git repository. This option means that SubGit will work with `custom_hooks` directory instead of `hooks` directory to install/uninstall/upgrade hooks. This is important because `hooks` directory is reserved by GitLab for its own purposes.

Above mentioned "subgit configure" command expects that the SVN URL has trunk/branches/tags structure.

[](#up)