---
title: "12. Installing SubGit Tool"
category: chapter
booktype: remote
weight: 29
---
##Chapter 12. Installing SubGit Tool

Before installing SubGit into Subversion repository, subgit tool itself has to be installed on your server. Make sure your server meets SubGit system requirements (see Chapter 11) and follow instructions below on how to install SubGit tool.

**On Debian-based or Ubuntu OS:**

+ Download SubGit **debian package** file from SubGit [download page](subgit.com/newsite/download.html);
+ Run *sudo dpkg -i subgit.deb* to install SubGit;
+ Run *sudo apt-get install -f* to install missing dependencies, if there are any.

Now you may run subgit command from the command line. Test it by running subgit --version command. To upgrade SubGit tool, repeat above steps with the newer debian package file.

**On Linux and OS X:**

+ If necessary, download and install most recent version of the Java SE JDK from the Java [download page](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html);
+ Download SubGit **zip archive** file from SubGit [download page](subgit.com/newsite/download.html);
+ Acting as the root user, unpack all files from SubGit archive into /opt/subgit/ directory;
+ Append /opt/subgit/bin to the PATH variable, e.g. in the /etc/profile file.

Now you may run subgit command from the command line. Test it by running subgit --version command. To upgrade SubGit tool, delete all files from the /opt/subgit directory and repeat above steps with the SubGit zip archive.

**On Windows OS:**

+ If necessary, download and install most recent version of the Java SE JDK from the Java [download page](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html);
+ Download SubGit **zip archive** file from SubGit [download page](subgit.com/newsite/download.html);
+ Acting as Administrator user, unpack all files from SubGit archive into C:\Program Files\SubGit directory;
+ Append C:\Program Files\SubGit\bin directory to the system PATH variable in the Control Panel.

Now you may run subgit command from the command line. Test it by running subgit --version command. To upgrade SubGit tool, delete all files from the C:\Program Files\SubGit directory and repeat above steps with the SubGit zip archive.

[](#up)