---
title: "4. One-time Import from Subversion to Git"
category: chapter
booktype: remote
weight: 7
---
##Chapter 4. One-time Import from Subversion to Git

Sometimes there is no need to keep Git repository in sync with Subversion repository and one way import is sufficient. SubGit offers shortcut import command that allows to import a project into a Git repository with a one-liner. Import command lets user to specify all necessary options on a command line, thus making import command a usable in a batch automation.

    $ subgit help import

    info: Import SVN or Git repository.
    usage: subgit import [--svn-url URL] [--default-domain DOMAIN] [--minimal-revision REV] [--authors-file FILE] [--trunk PATH] [--branches PATH] [--tags PATH] [--username SVN_USERNAME] [--password SVN_PASSWORD] [--non-interactive] [--trust-server-cert] [--private-key SVN_PRIVATE_KEY_PATH] [--private-key-passphrase SVN_PRIVATE_KEY_PASSPHRASE] REPOS_PATH

        Import existing Subversion project at URL into Git repository at REPOS_PATH.
        When Git repository at REPOS_PATH does not exist it will be created.

        Upon import completion optionally one may get rid of SubGit-specific files
        by running 'subgit uninstall --purge REPOS_PATH' or start continuous synchronization
        by running 'subgit install REPOS_PATH'.

    Valid options:

    --svn-url URL           : specify URL of remote Subversion repository
    --default-domain DOMAIN : domain to be used to generate Git committer name by SVN committer name if there's no corresponding rule in authors file
    --minimal-revision REV  : specify Subversion revision REV to start translation from; revisions less than REV would not be translated
    --authors-file FILE     : authors mapping file used to map Subversion committers names to Git committers names
    -T [--trunk] PATH       : path to a directory that plays the role of SVN trunk, relative to project root specified by --svn-url
    -b [--branches] PATH    : path to a directory that plays the role of SVN branches directory, relative to project root specified by --svn-url
    -t [--tags] PATH        : path to a directory that plays the role of SVN tags directory, relative to project root specified by --svn-url
    --username SVN_USERNAME : username to use to access Subversion repository; if no username is specified, SubGit may prompt for it later
    --password SVN_PASSWORD : password to use to access Subversion repository; if no password is specified, SubGit may prompt for it later
    --non-interactive       : do no interactive prompting
    --trust-server-cert     : accept unknown SSL server certificates without prompting (but only with '--non-interactive')
    --private-key           : path to private key file to use to access Subversion repository; if no path is specified, SubGit may prompt for it later
    --private-key-passphrase: passphrase for private key file to use to access Subversion repository; if no passphrase is specified, SubGit may ask for it later

In most cases, defaults along with pre-existing Subversion authentication storage would be sufficient and only Subversion project URL have to be specified as an import command argument:

    $ subgit import --non-interactive --svn-url http://svn.svnkit.com/repos/sqljet sqljet.git
    SubGit version 2.0.0-EAP ('Patrick') build #2552
    This is an EAP build, which you may not like to use in production environment.

    Translating Subversion revisions to Git commits...

      Subversion revisions translated: 1292.
      Total time: 579 seconds.

    IMPORT SUCCESSFUL

You may interrupt import operation with Ctrl-C and resume it later. Also, it is possible to enable synchronization by running subgit install GIT_REPOS upon import completion.

[](#up)