---
title: "5.6. Adjust configuration: branches mapping"
category: subchapter
booktype: remote
weight: 14
---
###5.6. Adjust configuration: branches mapping

In this chapter detailed information on branches mapping and mapping syntax may be found.

Basically, branches mapping consists of pairings of following format:

    SVN_PATH:GIT_REFERENCE
 
Where SVN\_PATH is a path relative to the project svn.url location, and GIT\_REFERENCE is a git reference e.g. refs/heads/master, accrodingly.
Mapping could be either one-to-one or many-to-many, so those paths may be partially replaced with **\***'s, bearing in mind that the number of aterisks should be equal at right and left side of the mapping. Example as follows:

    branches = branches/*:refs/heads/*
    branches = branches/*/*:refs/heads/*/*
    branches = branches/*/project:refs/heads/*
    branches = branches/feature_*_2015:refs/heads/features/*

In case of need, **branch excluding** option might be used. For example if there is a problematic branch in the SVN history, e.g. it had been copied badly and consists of many sub-branches, it can be explicitly excluded and will be ignored by SVN, Example as follows:

    branches  = branches/*:refs/heads/*
    excludeBranches = branches/problematic_branch 

> **Note:**<br>
Remember that paths in mappings are case-sensitive, i.e. trunk and Trunk are considered to be different paths

There are four kinds of branches that have to be mapped, each represented by its own option: *trunk*, *branches*, *tags* and *shelves*. 

**Trunk** represents main working branch and corresponds to **master** branch in Git. Usually in SVN it's folder called **trunk** and mapping in that case would look as follows:
     
    trunk = trunk:refs/heads/master

But thats is not a mandatory condition, and there are times when **trunl** is located in root project folder and there is no other branch. To mantain such configuration, define no branches, shelves or tags mapping and make sure that **svn.url** points to project root directory like that:

    url = https://host/svn/repos

And also set the following mapping to override default Git branch name:

    trunk = :refs/heads/master

**Shelves** are special kind of branches created to mirror git anonymous branches. Usage os shelves is optional, when not specified, anonymous branches will be simply not mirrored to SVN. Example of mapping as follows:
    
     shelves = shelves/*:refs/shelves/*

> **Note:**<br>
Once defined, mapping could be extended (e.g. new branches could be added), but changes that leave existing branches unmapped are not accepted.

[](#up)