---
title: "5.7. Adjust configuration: exclude paths"
category: subchapter
booktype: remote
weight: 15
---
###5.7. Adjust configuration: exclude paths

In this chapter some light would be lit on excluding paths from SubGit's area of control.

The concept is very simple. Using syntax similiar to syntax in **.gitignore** files put following in your configuration file:

    excludePath = PATTERN
    includePath = PATTERN

Recursive patterns cannot be used in **includePath** option, so the pattern should start with "/". Remember, that paths being matched are relative to the current branch or tag path.
See <a href="http://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore">gitignore wiki</a> for complete documentation on the pattern format.

By using those options you modify the selection of paths supervised by SubGit. Changes made in excluded paths files will not appear in the fellow version control system.

    excludePath = /path/to/exclude
    includePath = /path/to/include

To ignore old-styled 8.3 format names, simple line would come in hand:
(See the details: <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/8.3_filename">Wikipedia: 8.3 filename</a>)

    excludePath = *~1.*

If there is a need to exclude all **.iso** files, do the following:

    excludePath = *.iso
    
It may be also useful in some cases to include only two sub-directories in every branch. Following example shows how it's done:

    includePath = /app/models
    includePath = /app/views

Now only two directories would be translated. If another folder in Git repository is created: 
    
    echo "New file" > app/slides/file.txt
    git add -A
    git commit -m "New file"
    git push origin master

It will not appear in SVN repository as it's not listed in **includePath** option.

Please note, that if the whole SVN commit consists only of changes made in excluded files, SubGit still will create a Git commit, but only an empty one. To change that behavior put the following line in your configuration file:

    createEmptyGitCommits = false

So SubGit will simply ignore revisions with no changes and create no commits at all.

And vice versa, if Git commit changes only excluded files, the empty commit will appear in SVN repository. In order to change that, that's the option of interest:

    createEmptySvnCommits = false

> **Note:**<br>
Adding any of those options to the already working mirror configuration file will not lead to the desired effect. With trying to run **subgit install** command after such amends, installation will fail and the program will ask you to revert the removals or use **--rebuild** option. We don't really advise you to use **--rebuild** option as it's honestly a big lot of hassle and messes up all indexes in the history.

[](#up)








