---
title: "11. System Requirements"
category: chapter
booktype: book
weight: 22
---
##Chapter 11. System Requirements

SubGit will run on the most modern systems. Requirements for the server are:

+ Windows XP or newer, Linux or OS X
+ Oracle Java 1.5 or newer
+ At least 256Mb\*K \+ 32Mb\*N of memory available, where N is the maximum number of concurrent commits or pushes, and K is the number of Subversion repositories.

Memory available consists of physical memory and swap, so memory requirement gives an idea of how much memory might be allocated by SubGit at peak time, it does not mean that server must have that much physical memory installed.

**On SubGit processes:**

At any single moment SubGit would run no more than N \+ 1 Java processes per repository, where N is a number of concurrent commits or pushes at that very moment. N processes are those started by SubGit hooks and additional process is a background translation process (daemon) that performs actual translation.

Each of the N Java processes (hooks) is run with the following options by default:

    java -noverify -Xint -Djava.awt.headless=true

Background translation process default options are:

    java -noverify -client -Djava.awt.headless=true

These options could be changed in the `conf/subgit.conf` file. For instance:

    [hooks]
        javaOptions = -noverify -Djava.awt.headless=true

    [daemon]
        javaOptions = -noverify -server -Djava.awt.headless=true

By default background translation process exits as soon as translation is over, but an idle timeout could be specified to let it run for longer time or to exit never. This may increase overall performance in case of the heavy commits or pushes traffic.

    [daemon]
        idleTimeout = 0|N|infinity

Default timeout is 0, i.e. background translation process exits as soon as translation is over and there are no more revisions or commits to translate. Timeout value is specified in seconds and `infinity` value means that process should never exit.

Run `subgit install` after changing `conf/subgit.conf` file for the changes to become effective.

[](#up)