---
title: "13.2. Subversion over HTTP(s) and Git over SSH protocol"
category: subchapter
booktype: book
weight: 26
---
###13.2. Subversion over HTTP(s) and Git over SSH protocol

**Original configuration:**

+ Subversion repositories are located in the `/var/svn directory`
+ Apache web server is installed and configured to provide access to those Subversion repositories
+ Apache web server is run on behalf of www-data user
+ Users access Subversion repositories at `http://host/svn/repositoryName` URLs

**Goal:**

+ Create Git mirrors of Subversion repositories
+ Let users access Git repositories over SSH protocol on behalf of the git user

**Steps:**

**1) Install SubGit into all Subversion repositories:**

Refer to [Chapter 4, Installing SubGit into Repository](#7) for more details on how to install SubGit into repository.

    $ sudo -u www-data subgit configure /var/svn/repository
    ...
    CONFIGURATION SUCCESSFUL
    ...

Edit `repository/conf/subgit.conf` file. In this configuration it is important to set SubGit `core.shared` option to `true`, because different users will access Subversion and Git repositories.

    [core]
      ...
      shared = true
      ...

Run `subgit install` to finish SubGit installation into repository:

    $ sudo -u www-data subgit install /var/svn/repository
    ...
    INSTALLATION SUCCESSFUL
    ...

Make sure that SubGit `configure` and `install` commands are ran on behalf of the Apache user, in that case www-data.

**2) Create git user and set up users groups:**

    $ sudo useradd -d /home/git -m git
    $ sudo usermod -G git www-data
    $ sudo usermod -G www-data git

Now git and www-data users shares the same set of groups. See [Section 4.2, “Setup Service Accounts”](#9) for more details on service users configuration.

**4) Configure SSH access:**

Add actual Git users SSH public keys to the `/home/git/.ssh/authorized_keys` file and ensure that `sshd` daemon is running. For security reasons you may like to look through the `/etc/ssh/sshd_config` file or its analogue on your system to check that key pair authentication is the only one enabled for the git user.

Users will be able to access Git repositories at:

+ ssh://git@host/var/svn/repositoryName for a single-project Subversion repositories
+ ssh://git@host/var/svn/git/project.git for a multi-project Subversion repositories

There is a good [article](http://git-scm.com/book/en/Git-on-the-Server-Setting-Up-the-Server) describing how to set up SSH access for Git repository in more details.

Subversion repositories will remain available over HTTP(s) just as before at:

+ http(s)://host/svn/repositoryName

[](#up)