---
title: "4.4. Adjust configuration"
category: subchapter
booktype: book
weight: 11
---
###4.4. Adjust configuration

SubGit `configure` command detects projects in Subversion repository and writes configuration and mappings to the SVN\_REPOS/conf/subgit.conf file. Generated configuration have to be adjusted or extended when:

+ different user accounts will be used to access Subversion and Git repositories (see Section 4.2);
+ project in Subversion repository was not detected by subgit configure command.

*subgit.conf* file generated for a single-project Subversion repository will look like this (some of the less frequently used options are not shown here):

    [core]
        shared = false
        authorsFile = conf/authors.txt

    [git "default"]

        translationRoot = /
        repository = .git
        pathEncoding = UTF-8

        trunk = trunk:refs/heads/master
        branches = branches/*:refs/heads/*
        shelves = shelves/*:refs/shelves/*
        tags = tags/*:refs/tags/*

        minimalRevision = 0

> **Paths in *subgit.conf* file:**<br>
> File system paths in subgit.conf file could be specified in relative or absolute form. Relative paths are those that do not start with '/' or drive letter on Windows OS. Relative paths are treated as relative to the Subversion repository root directory.

**Enable shared access:**

    [core]
        shared = true

Set core.shared option to true (default is false) if you plan Subversion and Git repositories to be accessed by different user accounts (see Section 4.2).

**Provide authors mapping:** Write Subversion users to Git authors mapping to conf/authors.txt file (see Section 3.3, “Authors Mapping”). For instance:

    conf/authors.txt:
    semen = Semen Vadishev <vadishev@tmatesoft.com>
    dmitry = Dmitry Pavlenko <pavlenko@tmatesoft.com>

**Or specify existing authors mapping file:**

    [core]
        ...
        authorsFile = /var/git/company-authors-mapping.txt

Specify path to the authors mapping file (see Section 3.3) as core.authorsFile option value. Path is either relative to the Subversion repository root (e.g. conf/authors.txt expands to SVN\_REPOS/conf/authors.txt) or absolute.

**Adjust Git repository location:**

    [git "default"]
        ...
        repository = /var/git/project.git


Specify path whether you would like Git repository to be created. By default, Git repositories are created within Subversion repository, at SVN\_REPOS/.git in a single-project repository and at SVN\_REPOS/git/project.git in a multi-project repository. This way allows one to copy or move Subversion and connected Git repositories with a single filesystem command. Change Git repository path to the one which fits your environment better.

**Set path encoding to be used in Git repository:**

    [git "default"]
        ...
        pathEncoding = UTF-8

Git stores paths as a sequence of bytes, without encoding specified. Usually paths ends up in Git as-is, i.e. in the local file system encoding. Use git.pathEncoding option to specify encoding to use when translating string path found in Subversion repository to Git. Most modern file systems use or could be configured to use UTF-8 encoding and this is default and recommended value.

**Set revision to start translation from:**

    [git "default"]
        ...
        minimalRevision = 1024

Set *git.minimalRevision* to Subversion revision from which translation should be started. Revisions older than specified would not be translated and would not be present in the Git repository. Limiting range of revisions with this option may reduce initial translation time.

**Add projects that have not being detected automatically:**

Some projects with non-standard layout may not be detected by SubGit (see Section 3.1, “Projects mapping” and Section 3.2, “Branches and Tags mapping”). In case it is possible to distinguish trunk, branches and tags directories for those projects one may add them manually to the configuration file. Consider the following layout for project and *library* project:

    trunk/
        project/
        library/
    branches/
        project/
        library/
    tags/
        project/
        library/

Corresponding [git] sections should be added to subgit.conf file to enable translation and synchronizations of these projects:

    [git "project"]
        repository = /var/git/project.git

        translationRoot = /

        trunk = trunk/project:refs/heads/master
        branches = branches/project/*:refs/heads/*
        shelves = shelves/project/*:refs/shelves/*
        tags = tags/project/*:refs/tags/*

    [git "library"]
        repository = /var/git/library.git

        translationRoot = /

        trunk = trunk/library:refs/heads/master
        branches = branches/library/*:refs/heads/*
        shelves = shelves/library/*:refs/shelves/*
        tags = tags/library/*:refs/tags/*

Note that *git.translationRoot* options have similar value in both projects. This option specify a path relative to which branches and tags mapping paths are expanded.

One will find more options in the conf/subgit.conf file, as well as documentation on what these options control.

[](#up)